logging_json/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============
JSON Logging
==============

This addon allows to output the Odoo logs in JSON.


Configuration
=============

The json logging is activated with the environment variable
``ODOO_LOGGING_JSON`` set to ``1``.

In order to have the logs from the start of the server, you should add
``logging_json`` in the ``--load`` flag or in the ``server_wide_modules``
option in the configuration file.
To configure this module, you need to:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Completed the extraction (in regex) of interesting message to get more metric

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Sébastien BEAU <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Camptocamp
* Akretion

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] as jsonlogger support natively extra keys, add a customer formatter for showing them in dev mode without json log

logging_json/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============
JSON Logging
==============

This addon allows to output the Odoo logs in JSON.


It also add the possibility to log extra data in json in your log.
See documentation of json logger here : https://github.com/madzak/python-json-logger

Example:

.. code-block:: python

   _logger.info('My Message', extra={
       'my_extra_key_1': 'value_1',
       'my_extra_key_2': 'value_2'})

The key "extra" is a standard key of logger module so you can add this key and your log will work with or without this module (see documentation here : https://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#logging.Logger.debug)


Configuration
=============

The json logging is activated with the environment variable
``ODOO_LOGGING_JSON`` set to ``1``.

In order to have the logs from the start of the server, you should add
``logging_json`` in the ``--load`` flag or in the ``server_wide_modules``
option in the configuration file.

If you want to see the extra keys when you are developping in local
but with the odoo logger output and not the JSON output
you can add the environment variable ``ODOO_LOGGING_JSON_DEV`` set to ``1``.

Note : ``ODOO_LOGGING_JSON_DEV`` and ``ODOO_LOGGING_JSON`` should be not set both to ``1``

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Completed the extraction (in regex) of interesting message to get more metric

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Sébastien BEAU <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Camptocamp
* Akretion

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
