auth_brute_force/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License

===============================================================
Tracks Authentication Attempts and Prevents Brute-force Attacks
===============================================================

This module registers each request done by users trying to authenticate into
Odoo. If the authentication fails, a counter is increased for the given remote
IP. After a defined number of attempts, Odoo will ban the remote IP and
ignore new requests.
This module applies security through obscurity
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_through_obscurity),
When a user is banned, the request is now considered as an attack. So, the UI
will **not** indicate to the user that his IP is banned and the regular message
'Wrong login/password' is displayed.

This module realizes a call to a web API (http://ip-api.com) to try to have
extra information about remote IP.

Known issue / Roadmap
---------------------
The ID used to identify a remote request is the IP provided in the request
(key 'REMOTE_ADDR').
Depending of server and / or user network configuration, the idenfication
of the user can be wrong, and mainly in the following cases:

* if the Odoo server is behind an Apache / NGinx proxy without redirection,
  all the request will be have the value '127.0.0.1' for the REMOTE_ADDR key;
* If some users are behind the same Internet Service Provider, if a user is
  banned, all the other users will be banned too;

Configuration
-------------

Once installed, you can change the ir.config_parameter value for the key
'auth_brute_force.max_attempt_qty' (10 by default) that define the max number
of attempts allowed before the user was banned.

Usage
-----

Admin user have the possibility to unblock a banned IP.

Logging
-------

This module generates some WARNING logs, in the three following cases:

* Authentication failed from remote '127.0.0.1'. Login tried : 'admin'.
  Attempt 1 / 10.

* Authentication failed from remote '127.0.0.1'. The remote has been banned.
  Login tried : 'admin'.

* Authentication tried from remote '127.0.0.1'. The request has been ignored
  because the remote has been banned after 10 attempts without success. Login
  tried : 'admin'.

Screenshot
----------

**List of Attempts**

.. image:: /auth_brute_force/static/description/screenshot_attempts_list.png

**Detail of a banned IP**

.. image:: /auth_brute_force/static/description/screenshot_custom_ban.png


Usage
=====

* go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/8.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20auth_brute_force%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] add the possibility to log also request environment variables

auth_brute_force/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License

===============================================================
Tracks Authentication Attempts and Prevents Brute-force Attacks
===============================================================

This module registers each request done by users trying to authenticate into
Odoo. If the authentication fails, a counter is increased for the given remote
IP. After a defined number of attempts, Odoo will ban the remote IP and
ignore new requests.
This module applies security through obscurity
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security_through_obscurity),
When a user is banned, the request is now considered as an attack. So, the UI
will **not** indicate to the user that his IP is banned and the regular message
'Wrong login/password' is displayed.

This module realizes a call to a web API (http://ip-api.com) to try to have
extra information about remote IP.

Known issue / Roadmap
---------------------
The ID used to identify a remote request is the IP provided in the request
(key 'REMOTE_ADDR').
Depending of server and / or user network configuration, the idenfication
of the user can be wrong, and mainly in the following cases:

* if the Odoo server is behind an Apache / NGinx proxy without redirection,
  all the request will be have the value '127.0.0.1' for the REMOTE_ADDR key;
* If some users are behind the same Internet Service Provider, if a user is
  banned, all the other users will be banned too;

Configuration
-------------

Once installed, you can change the ir.config_parameter value for the key
'auth_brute_force.max_attempt_qty' (10 by default) that define the max number
of attempts allowed before the user was banned.

You can also add a ir.config_parameter value for the key
'auth_brute_force.environ_log' which allow to log also specific request
environment variables. The format comma-delimited list of varible names
example: REMOTE_ADDR,REMOTE_PORT

Usage
-----

Admin user have the possibility to unblock a banned IP.

Logging
-------

This module generates some WARNING logs, in the three following cases:

* Authentication failed from remote '127.0.0.1'. Login tried : 'admin'.
  Attempt 1 / 10.

* Authentication failed from remote '127.0.0.1'. The remote has been banned.
  Login tried : 'admin'.

* Authentication tried from remote '127.0.0.1'. The request has been ignored
  because the remote has been banned after 10 attempts without success. Login
  tried : 'admin'.

Screenshot
----------

**List of Attempts**

.. image:: /auth_brute_force/static/description/screenshot_attempts_list.png

**Detail of a banned IP**

.. image:: /auth_brute_force/static/description/screenshot_custom_ban.png


Usage
=====

* go to ...

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/8.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20auth_brute_force%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sylvain LE GAL (https://twitter.com/legalsylvain)
* Sylvain CALADOR (https://akretion.com)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: http://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: http://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.
