auto_backup/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================
Automated backups
=================

A tool for all your back-ups, internal and external!

Installation
============

Before to  install this module, you need to:

instal pysftp via pip.

Configuration
=============

Go to Settings -> Configuration -> Configure Backup
create your configurations for each database that you needed
to backups.

Usage
=====


Keep your Odoo data safe with this module. Take automated back-ups,
remove them automatically and even write them to an external server
through an encrypted tunnel. You can even specify how long local backups
and external backups should be kept, automatically!


Connect with an FTP Server
--------------------------

#### Keep your data safe, through an SSH tunnel!

Want to go even further and write your backups to an external server?
You can with this module! Specify the credentials to the server, specify
a path and everything will be backed up automatically. This is done
through an SSH (encrypted) tunnel, thanks to pysftp, so your data is
safe!

Test connection
---------------

#### Checks your credentials in one click

Want to make sure if the connection details are correct and if Odoo can
automatically write them to the remote server? Simply click on the ‘Test
SFTP Connection’ button and you will get message telling you if
everything is OK, or what is wrong!

E-mail on backup failure
------------------------

#### Stay informed of problems, automatically!

Do you want to know if the database backup failed? Check the checkbox 'Auto. E-mail on backup fail' and fill in your e-mail.
Every time a backup fails you will get an e-mail in your mailbox with technical details.


Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* ...

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20auto_backup%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Yenthe Van Ginneken <yenthe.vanginneken@vanroey.be>
* Alessio Gerace <alessio.gerace@agilebg.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit http://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Refactor.
- Follow template README.
- Remove HTML README.
- Move models to models folder.
- Model and view file names follow guidelines.
- Unused methods cleanup.
- Remove unneeded `.pot` file.
- Fix permissons.
- Follow PEP8 in names everywhere.
- Set more descriptive field names.
- Disable backups for other databases, for security.
- Remove db name from generated file, for easier cleanup.
- EAFP logic everywhere.
- More descriptive name.
- Data files moved to YAML, with cleaner ir.cron record creation.
- Add permissions for db.backup model.
- Icons.
- Update tests with new format.
- Storage method is a selectable, for easier extensibility.
- Instead of custom mailing, it just has a mail thread where you can subscribe.
- Should fix almost all comments in https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/pull/203.

auto_backup/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

====================
Database Auto-Backup
====================

A tool for all your back-ups, internal and external!

Installation
============

Before installing this module, you need to execute::

    pip install pysftp

Configuration
=============

Go to *Settings -> Configuration -> Configure Backup* to
create your configurations for each database that you needed
to backups.

Usage
=====

Keep your Odoo data safe with this module. Take automated back-ups,
remove them automatically and even write them to an external server
through an encrypted tunnel. You can even specify how long local backups
and external backups should be kept, automatically!

Connect with an FTP Server
--------------------------

Keep your data safe, through an SSH tunnel!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Want to go even further and write your backups to an external server?
You can with this module! Specify the credentials to the server, specify
a path and everything will be backed up automatically. This is done
through an SSH (encrypted) tunnel, thanks to pysftp, so your data is
safe!

Test connection
---------------

Checks your credentials in one click
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Want to make sure if the connection details are correct and if Odoo can
automatically write them to the remote server? Simply click on the ‘Test
SFTP Connection’ button and you will get message telling you if
everything is OK, or what is wrong!

E-mail on backup failure
------------------------

Stay informed of problems, automatically!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Do you want to know if the database backup succeeded or failed? Subscribe to
the corresponding backup setting notification type.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/8.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20auto_backup%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Yenthe Van Ginneken <yenthe.vanginneken@vanroey.be>
* Alessio Gerace <alessio.gerace@agilebg.com>
* Jairo Llopis <yajo.sk8@gmail.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
