attachment_unindex_content/README.rst, before:

==========================
Attachment Unindex Content
==========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:ea58b36b08c5d8ff1eaf428f88f80f7171cac26df0babe83a7e95f7f54e518b6
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/attachment_unindex_content
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-attachment_unindex_content
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module disables the indexation of attachments content.

Attachment model has a field called 'index_content' where the content of
the attachment is read and stored directly in the database. This field
is useful in order to search content of a file. But most of cases it is
not used, so, you can install this module in order to:

-  **Avoid Duplicating Data:** Because indexation extracts text content
   from files and put it on the database in order it could be searched,
   but this implies you have the file data in your ``filestore``
   directory, and also part (or sometimes all) of that data in your
   database too.
-  **Improve Performance:** Since not all indexed files are plain text,
   they require extra process to read them.

Maybe you could try to uninstall modules like ``document`` in order to
disable its indexation features, but you could face the uninstallation
of other modules that could be useful for you (e.g, ``hr_recruitment``
depends on that).

But even if you don't have ``document`` installed, you'd still have
plain text content indexation by default. As you can see in this SQL
query results, indexation is active even without it:

|SQL Query result showing indexed content|

Using this module you will not require to uninstall any module to
disable the attachment content indexation, because we directly disable
it at ``ir.attachment`` base.

Also, after the installation, the ``index_content`` field on attachments
already recorded in database will be cleared.

.. |SQL Query result showing indexed content| image:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/442938/67894113-45d27a80-fb2e-11e9-9a22-ba43d8b444c5.png
   :target: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/442938/67894113-45d27a80-fb2e-11e9-9a22-ba43d8b444c5.png

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20attachment_unindex_content%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Vauxoo

Contributors
------------

-  Moises López <moylop260@vauxoo.com>
-  Erick Birbe <erick@vauxoo.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-moylop260| image:: https://github.com/moylop260.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/moylop260
    :alt: moylop260
.. |maintainer-ebirbe| image:: https://github.com/ebirbe.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/ebirbe
    :alt: ebirbe
.. |maintainer-luisg123v| image:: https://github.com/luisg123v.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/luisg123v
    :alt: luisg123v

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-moylop260| |maintainer-ebirbe| |maintainer-luisg123v| 

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/attachment_unindex_content>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] attachment_unindex_content: Migration to 18.0

attachment_unindex_content/README.rst, after:

==========================
Attachment Unindex Content
==========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:ea58b36b08c5d8ff1eaf428f88f80f7171cac26df0babe83a7e95f7f54e518b6
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/attachment_unindex_content
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-attachment_unindex_content
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module disables the indexation of attachments content.

Attachment model has a field called 'index_content' where the content of
the attachment is read and stored directly in the database. This field
is useful in order to search content of a file. But most of cases it is
not used, so, you can install this module in order to:

-  **Avoid Duplicating Data:** Because indexation extracts text content
   from files and put it on the database in order it could be searched,
   but this implies you have the file data in your ``filestore``
   directory, and also part (or sometimes all) of that data in your
   database too.
-  **Improve Performance:** Since not all indexed files are plain text,
   they require extra process to read them.

Maybe you could try to uninstall modules like ``document`` in order to
disable its indexation features, but you could face the uninstallation
of other modules that could be useful for you (e.g, ``hr_recruitment``
depends on that).

But even if you don't have ``document`` installed, you'd still have
plain text content indexation by default. As you can see in this SQL
query results, indexation is active even without it:

|SQL Query result showing indexed content|

Using this module you will not require to uninstall any module to
disable the attachment content indexation, because we directly disable
it at ``ir.attachment`` base.

Also, after the installation, the ``index_content`` field on attachments
already recorded in database will be cleared.

.. |SQL Query result showing indexed content| image:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/442938/67894113-45d27a80-fb2e-11e9-9a22-ba43d8b444c5.png
   :target: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/442938/67894113-45d27a80-fb2e-11e9-9a22-ba43d8b444c5.png

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20attachment_unindex_content%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Vauxoo

Contributors
------------

-  Moises López <moylop260@vauxoo.com>
-  Erick Birbe <erick@vauxoo.com>
-  Khoi (Kien Kim) <khoikk@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by:

-  Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-moylop260| image:: https://github.com/moylop260.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/moylop260
    :alt: moylop260
.. |maintainer-ebirbe| image:: https://github.com/ebirbe.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/ebirbe
    :alt: ebirbe
.. |maintainer-luisg123v| image:: https://github.com/luisg123v.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/luisg123v
    :alt: luisg123v

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-moylop260| |maintainer-ebirbe| |maintainer-luisg123v| 

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/attachment_unindex_content>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
