dead_mans_switch_client/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

==========================
Dead man's switch (client)
==========================

This module is the client part of `dead_mans_switch_server`. It is responsible
of sending the server status updates, which in turn takes action if those
updates don't come in time.

Configuration
=============

After installing this module, you need to fill in the system parameter
``dead_mans_switch_client.url``. This must be the full URL to the server's
controller, usually of the form ``https://your.server/dead_mans_switch/alive``.

This module attempts to send CPU and RAM statistics to the server. While this
is not mandatory, it's helpful for assessing a server's health. If you want
this, you need to install ``psutil``.

You can also have the number of currently online users logged, but this only
works if the ``bus`` module is installed and longpolling configured correctly.

Usage
=====

This module doesn't have any visible effect on the client.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/10.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* certificate pinning would be nice

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20dead_mans_switch_client%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Jairo Llopis <yajo.sk8@gmail.com>
* Miku Laitinen <miku@avoin.systems>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[FEAT] 10.0 dead_mans_switch_client: Dead Man's Switch filter check
You can now add filters that should always yield zero results. If they do
yield results, the dead man's switch URL will not be called and the system
is considered to be in an exceptional state.

dead_mans_switch_client/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

==========================
Dead man's switch (client)
==========================

This module is the client part of `dead_mans_switch_server`. It is responsible
of sending the server status updates, which in turn takes action if those
updates don't come in time. Using `dead_mans_switch_server` is not mandatory;
you can use this module with any other similar service, eg. https://healthchecks.io.

Configuration
=============

After installing this module, you need to fill in the system parameter
``dead_mans_switch_client.url``. This must be the full URL to the server's
controller, usually of the form ``https://your.server/dead_mans_switch/alive``.

This module attempts to send CPU and RAM statistics to the server. While this
is not mandatory, it's helpful for assessing a server's health. If you want
this, you need to install ``psutil``.

You can also have the number of currently online users logged, but this only
works if the ``bus`` module is installed and longpolling configured correctly.

Usage
=====

This module adds only one visible field for ``ir.filters``: "Is a Dead Man's Switch filter".
If you create a filter with "Is a Dead Man's Switch filter" checked, the cron routine
expects this filter never to yield any records. If it does, the Dead Man's Switch URL
will not be called. For example you might want to monitor failed outgoing emails or stuck queue jobs.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
    :alt: Try me on Runbot
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/10.0

For further information, please visit:

* https://www.odoo.com/forum/help-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* certificate pinning would be nice

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20dead_mans_switch_client%0Aversion:%209.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Jairo Llopis <yajo.sk8@gmail.com>
* Miku Laitinen <miku@avoin.systems>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
