record_archiver/README.rst, before:

================
Records Archiver
================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/11.0/record_archiver
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-11-0/server-tools-11-0-record_archiver
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/11.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Create a cron job that deactivates old records in order to optimize
performance.

Records are deactivated based on their last activity (write_date).

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

You can configure lifespan of each type of record in
`Settings -> Configuration -> Records Archiver`

A different lifespan can be configured for each model.

Usage
=====

Once the lifespans are configured, the cron will automatically
deactivate the old records.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The default behavior is to archive all records having a ``write_date`` <
lifespan and with a state being ``done`` or ``cancel``. If these rules
need to be modified for a model (e.g. change the states to archive), the
hook ``RecordLifespan._archive_domain`` can be extended.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20record_archiver%0Aversion:%2011.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/11.0/record_archiver>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] Allow dynamic state recognition on `record.lifespan`

record_archiver/README.rst, after:

================
Records Archiver
================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/11.0/record_archiver
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-11-0/server-tools-11-0-record_archiver
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/149/11.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Create a cron job that deactivates old records in order to optimize
performance.

Records are deactivated based on their last activity (write_date).

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

You can configure lifespan of each type of record in
`Settings -> Configuration -> Records Archiver`

A different lifespan can be configured for each model.

Usage
=====

Once the lifespans are configured, the cron will automatically
deactivate the old records.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The default behavior is to archive all records having a ``write_date`` <
lifespan and with a state being ``done`` or ``cancel``. If these rules
need to be modified for a model (e.g. change the states to archive), the
hook ``RecordLifespan._archive_domain`` can be extended.

Alternatively, you can provide a comma-separated list of states to
``record.lifespan`` records to redefine a set of record states that
should be archived.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20record_archiver%0Aversion:%2011.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Yannick Vaucher <yannick.vaucher@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/11.0/record_archiver>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
