auth_user_case_insensitive/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=======================
Case Insensitive Logins
=======================

This module makes user logins case insensitive. It also overwrites the
search method to allow these case insensitive logins to work on a database
that previously had case sensitive logins.

Installation
============

Install this module as you would any other. No further configuration is
required.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Ted Salmon <tsalmon@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Note that existing logins are converted to lowercase

auth_user_case_insensitive/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: LGPL-3

=======================
Case Insensitive Logins
=======================

This module makes user logins case insensitive. It also overwrites the
search method to allow these case insensitive logins to work on a database
that previously had case sensitive logins.

Installation
============

Install this module as you would any other. No further configuration is
required.

Note that upon installation the existing logins will all be converted to lowercase.


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Dave Lasley <dave@laslabs.com>
* Ted Salmon <tsalmon@laslabs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
