base_time_window/README.rst, before:

================
Base Time Window
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:691b5e5fe2cbf6d3dd1c48944761fe474d8a922798d18eb2f7c876566596f98c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/base_time_window
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-base_time_window
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module provides base classes and models to manage time windows
through time.window.mixin.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Example implementation for the mixin can be found in module
test_base_time_window.

As a time window will always be linked to a related model thourgh a M2o
relation, when defining the new model inheriting the mixin, one should
pay attention to the following points in order to have the overlapping
check work properly:

-  Define class property \`_overlap_check_field\`: This must state the
   M2o field to use for the to check of overlapping time window records
   linked to a specific record of the related model.
-  Add the M2o field to the related model in the \`api.constrains\`:

For example:

.. code:: python

   class PartnerTimeWindow(models.Model):
       _name = 'partner.time.window'
       _inherit = 'time.window.mixin'

       partner_id = fields.Many2one(
           res.partner', required=True, index=True, ondelete='cascade'
       )

       _overlap_check_field = 'partner_id'

       @api.constrains('partner_id')
       def check_window_no_overlaps(self):
           return super().check_window_no_overlaps()

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  Storing times using float_time widget requires extra processing to
   ensure computations are done in the right timezone, because the value
   is not stored as UTC in the database, and must therefore be related
   to a tz field.

   float_time in this sense should only be used for durations and not
   for a "point in time" as this is always needs a Date for a timezone
   conversion to be done properly. (Because a conversion from UTC to
   e.g. Europe/Brussels won't give the same result in winter or summer
   because of Daylight Saving Time).

   Therefore the right move would be to use a resource.calendar to
   define time windows using Datetime with recurrences.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20base_time_window%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Laurent Mignon <laurent.mignon@acsone.eu>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
-  SodexisTeam <dev@sodexis.com>

Trobz

-  Dung Tran <dungtd@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

-  Camptocamp

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/base_time_window>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] base_time_window: Migration to 18.0

base_time_window/README.rst, after:

================
Base Time Window
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:691b5e5fe2cbf6d3dd1c48944761fe474d8a922798d18eb2f7c876566596f98c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/base_time_window
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-base_time_window
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module provides base classes and models to manage time windows
through time.window.mixin.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Example implementation for the mixin can be found in module
test_base_time_window.

As a time window will always be linked to a related model thourgh a M2o
relation, when defining the new model inheriting the mixin, one should
pay attention to the following points in order to have the overlapping
check work properly:

-  Define class property \`_overlap_check_field\`: This must state the
   M2o field to use for the to check of overlapping time window records
   linked to a specific record of the related model.
-  Add the M2o field to the related model in the \`api.constrains\`:

For example:

.. code:: python

   class PartnerTimeWindow(models.Model):
       _name = 'partner.time.window'
       _inherit = 'time.window.mixin'

       partner_id = fields.Many2one(
           res.partner', required=True, index=True, ondelete='cascade'
       )

       _overlap_check_field = 'partner_id'

       @api.constrains('partner_id')
       def check_window_no_overlaps(self):
           return super().check_window_no_overlaps()

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  Storing times using float_time widget requires extra processing to
   ensure computations are done in the right timezone, because the value
   is not stored as UTC in the database, and must therefore be related
   to a tz field.

   float_time in this sense should only be used for durations and not
   for a "point in time" as this is always needs a Date for a timezone
   conversion to be done properly. (Because a conversion from UTC to
   e.g. Europe/Brussels won't give the same result in winter or summer
   because of Daylight Saving Time).

   Therefore the right move would be to use a resource.calendar to
   define time windows using Datetime with recurrences.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20base_time_window%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Laurent Mignon <laurent.mignon@acsone.eu>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
-  SodexisTeam <dev@sodexis.com>

Trobz

-  Dung Tran <dungtd@trobz.com>
-  Khoi (Kien Kim) <khoikk@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by:

-  Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/base_time_window>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
