test_base_time_window/README.rst, before:

=====================
Test Base Time Window
=====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:56d5ddb3d892502020caaab226862fe6fa2fbf80b2b8883295fdcb1285e2597e
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/test_base_time_window
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-test_base_time_window
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module provides unittests for module base_time_window.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20test_base_time_window%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Laurent Mignon <laurent.mignon@acsone.eu>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/test_base_time_window>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] test_base_time_window: Migration to 18.0

test_base_time_window/README.rst, after:

=====================
Test Base Time Window
=====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:56d5ddb3d892502020caaab226862fe6fa2fbf80b2b8883295fdcb1285e2597e
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fserver--tools-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/test_base_time_window
    :alt: OCA/server-tools
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/server-tools-18-0/server-tools-18-0-test_base_time_window
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/server-tools&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module provides unittests for module base_time_window.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20test_base_time_window%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* ACSONE SA/NV
* Camptocamp

Contributors
------------

-  Laurent Mignon <laurent.mignon@acsone.eu>
-  Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
-  Khoi (Kien Kim) <khoikk@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 14.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by:

-  Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/server-tools <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/tree/18.0/test_base_time_window>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
