auditlog/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Audit Log - Track user operations
=================================

This module allows the administrator to log user operations performed on data
models such as ``create``, ``read``, ``write`` and ``delete``.

Usage
=====

Go to `Settings / Technical / Audit / Rules` to subscribe rules. A rule defines
which operations to log for a given data model.

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/rule.png

Then, check logs in the `Settings / Technical / Audit / Logs` menu. You can
group them by user sessions, date, data model or HTTP requests:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/logs.png

Get the details:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/log.png

A scheduled action exists to delete logs older than 6 months (180 days)
automatically but is not enabled by default.
To activate it and/or change the delay, go to the
`Configuration / Technical / Automation / Scheduled Actions` menu and edit the
`Auto-vacuum audit logs` entry:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/autovacuum.png

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

 * log only operations triggered by some users (currently it logs all users)


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20auditlog%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sebastien Alix <sebastien.alix@osiell.com>
* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Holden Rehg <holdenrehg@gmail.com>

Images
------

* Icon: built with different icons from the `Oxygen theme <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygen_Project>`_ (LGPL)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

auditlog: add rules per field
This commit adds ability to create log records based on per field rules.
User can specify which field needs to be tracked for any CRUD operation.
This doesn't break previous configurations. If rule is set on model, it
will be applied to all fields. But if model hasn't got any particular
rule, then patching method will look for field rules.

It is not possible to specify full/fast log type per field, and it is
taken from model.

auditlog/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

=================================
Audit Log - Track user operations
=================================

This module allows the administrator to log user operations performed on data
models such as ``create``, ``read``, ``write`` and ``delete``.
Administrator can set rules to track those operation either on whole model, or
per field.

Usage
=====

Go to `Settings / Technical / Audit / Rules` to subscribe rules. A rule defines
which operations to log for a given data model. Field rule lines define
creating log only if operation is performed on specific field, while main rule
applies to all fields.

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/rule.png

Then, check logs in the `Settings / Technical / Audit / Logs` menu. You can
group them by user sessions, date, data model or HTTP requests:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/logs.png

Get the details:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/log.png

A scheduled action exists to delete logs older than 6 months (180 days)
automatically but is not enabled by default.
To activate it and/or change the delay, go to the
`Configuration / Technical / Automation / Scheduled Actions` menu and edit the
`Auto-vacuum audit logs` entry:

.. image:: /auditlog/static/description/autovacuum.png

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

 * log only operations triggered by some users (currently it logs all users)


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback
`here <https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/issues/new?body=module:%20auditlog%0Aversion:%208.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Sebastien Alix <sebastien.alix@osiell.com>
* Holger Brunn <hbrunn@therp.nl>
* Holden Rehg <holdenrehg@gmail.com>
* Aleksandar Gajic <aleksandar.gajic@modoolar.com>

Images
------

* Icon: built with different icons from the `Oxygen theme <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxygen_Project>`_ (LGPL)

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
